every small town has a story this Thanks
it's been a long time ten years Roswell
was a sleepy cowboy settlement in
post-war America until one day something
extraordinary you already know the
legend we think these are what kept us
safe during the crash
the crash 1947 UFO crash I know you
think you're safe but you're not aliens
have already ruined your life I am
married to someone who can't ever Know
Who I am
and that kills me this is probably a bad
idea I thought we were ignoring that
figure the whole sex thing
you can't ever be with Liz or TECA cuz
even if she finds out what we are there
things you can't ever tell her max trust
lives but if he's wrong
and we'll get inside of her head and
erase it everything I've ever done has
been to protect Isabelle and you
everything you've ever done has been to
protect yourself
[Music]
try school you would follow me anywhere
what are you mics listen No
you asked me what I had I'm just a guy
from Roswell
you